Every sunset brings the promise of a new dawn     
Beauty is a fact, and it can change with time. Something ugly in the morning can become beautiful in the evening... So let us welcome peaceful evening in.     
The evening's the best part of the day. You've done your day's work. Now you can put your feet up and enjoy it.     
In the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling.     
This is an evening of wonders, indeed!     
The evening had turned sweet and blue.     
You don't know what kind of day you will have, until evening.     
The evening of life brings with it its lamps.     
Evening is a time of real experimentation. You never want to look the same way.     
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.     
Every evening brings us nearer God.     
The evening sings in a voice of amber, the dawn is surely coming.     
Let us go then, you and I, When the evening is spread out against the sky     
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.     
We are all naturally seekers of wonders. We travel far to see the majesty of old ruins, the venerable forms of the hoary mountains, great waterfalls, and galleries of art. And yet the world's wonder is all around us; the wonder of setting suns, and evening stars, of the magic spring-time, the blossoming of the trees, the strange transformations of the moth...     
Each morning sees some task begin, each evening sees it close.     
The evening star Is the most beautiful of all stars     
There is an evening twilight of the heart, When its wild passion-waves are lulled to rest.     
What a nice night for an evening.     
It is better to begin in the evening than not at all.     
In the evening Everything has a schedule, if you can find out what it is.     
Moroseness is the evening of turbulence.     
At the evening of life, we shall be judged on our love.     
Evenings are the beautifully sweet spot between the harsh light of the day and the dead darkness of night.
This evening is as brief as the twinkling of an eye yet such twinklings is what eternity is made of.
The evening news is a concept whose time has come and gone.
The evening's the best part of the day. You've done your day's work. Now you can put your feet up and enjoy it.
The lights begin to twinkle from the rocks: The long day wanes: the slow moon climbs: the deep Moans round with many voices.
Evenings are your chance to forget the mistakes you made during the day, so for the sweetest of dreams, you can pave the way. Good evening.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time youve made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
In the evenings the art of building gave way to that of music, which is architecture, too, though invisible.
When the evening shadows and the stars appear and there is no one there to dry your tears. I could hold you for a million years. To make you feel my love.
One evening you may learn about enlightenment, koans, meditation and personal power.
Each morning sees some task begin, Each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done, Has earned a night's repose.
The evening praises the day, and the morning a frost.
Evening is a time of real experimentation. You never want to look the same way.
Night time is really the best time to work. All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep.
Evenings allow you to forget the bitter worries of the day and get ready for the sweet dreams of night.
Some nights are made for torture, or reflection, or the savoring of loneliness.
The evening of a well spent life brings its lamps with it.
Every evening words, not stars, light the sky. No rest in life like life itself.
The evening star is the most beautiful of all stars.
It is the evening that questions thus from within me.
The evening is the time to praise the day.
Devote each day to the object then in time and every evening will find something done.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
Every sunset brings the promise of a new dawn.