Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Good night, slept tight, awake full of joy at the morning light.
Goodnight. Sleep awaits those of us who dare to dream.
Good night—may you fall asleep in the arms of a dream, so beautiful, you’ll cry when you awake.
Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light.
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night’s sleep.
Good night now, and rest. Today was a test, You passed it, you’re past it. Now breathe till unstressed.
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
How did it get so late so soon?
Being involved in a good night prayer can change lives as well.
Day is over, night has come. Today is gone, what’s done is done. Embrace your dreams, through the night. Tomorrow comes with a whole new light.
Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer.
Some nights are made for torture, or reflection, or the savoring of loneliness.
I love the silent hour of night, for blissful dreams may then arise, Revealing to my charmed sight – What may not bless my waking eyes.
Every night, under the same sky and stars, probably since the emergence of humankind, people around the world have been wishing one another a good night.
The night is longer than a day for those who dream, and day is longer than night for those who make their dreams comes true.
We love the night and its quiet; and there is no night that we love so well as that on which the moon is coffined in clouds.
Both teams played hard. God bless and goodnight.
Life is full of new beginnings, and a new day tomorrow brings, sleep well.
Before you fall asleep every day, say something positive to yourself.
May the good memories of today lull you to sleep.
Before you fall asleep every day, say something positive to yourself.
I wish for you a good night of sleep, sweet dreams, and a smiling morning.
Good-night dear friend! I say good-night to thee. Across the moonbeams, tremulous and white, bridging all space between us!
Life is full of new beginnings, and a new day tomorrow brings, sleep well.
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
Good night. May you fall asleep in the arms of a dream, so beautiful, you’ll cry when you awake.
The time between good night to good morning, all poetries are mentioned by her with his love and their good memories.
There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Early to bed, early to rise; makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
I wish for you a good night, a good sleep, and when you awake with energy and passion you will abound.
Night is always darker before the dawn and life is the same, the hard times will pass, everything will get better and sun will shine brighter than ever.
I just want to say, good night, sweet prince, may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars, The deeper the grief, the closer is God!
As I have discovered, what you feed your mind in the day will affect your quality of sleep at night.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Night is purer than day; it is better for thinking, loving, and dreaming. At night everything is more intense, more true. The echo of words that have been spoken during the day takes on a new and deeper meaning.
Goodnight! And sweetest dreams be thine through all their shining way, till darkness goes, and bird and rose with rapture greet the day.
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.
It’s time to stretch from small to tall to see the moon so bright. It lights our way and seems to say, ‘God bless you and good night.’
Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, What more is there to say than goodnight? We’ve had a lot of fun and it’s time to toodle-oo. Au revoir, auf wiendersehn and Inka, dinks doo. Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight.
I wish for you a good night, a good sleep, and when you awake with energy and passion you will abound.
Life begins at night.
My idea of a good night has always been having a lovely meal and a proper conversation.
Tonight’s gonna be a good, good, night.
I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say. A silent prayer, like dreamers do, then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you.
As the night gets dark, let your worries fade. Sleep peacefully knowing you’ve done all you can do for today.
I will lie down and sleep in peace, for you alone, O LORD, make me dwell in safety.
Don’t fight with the pillow, but lay down your head and kick every worriment out of the bed.
Night is the wonderful opportunity to take rest, to forgive, to smile, to get ready for all the battles that you have to fight tomorrow.
The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.
The day is over, it’s time for rest. Sleep well my dear you gave it your best. Tomorrow comes, oh so soon, close your eyes and awake before noon.
I like the night. Without the dark, we’d never see the stars.
Fear can keep us up all night long but faith makes one fine pillow.
The night is more alive and more richly colored than the day.
